Clogging.
So let's get more idea about do heights of ability and how it's worth.
So for example we have three.
He asks I host or treat physical survey and age of the server have some virtual machine of course.
Aldo's the Verd should be in the same cluster that have configured for use in the height of ability
and in a situation that we have a file server.
This route have filed the problem.
Take it down or any situation but that's me.
This server out of service.
So the highest of ability will take out a virtual machine that is a resource.
So we should consider that this machine is only the resource pool of the server and not to the start.
That's why I do that our upcoming future need to have our share that was and all the machine that we're
going to use in our future is to be started in our shedded store and not in the local stores of the
host and any virtual machine that's used to look old at the start of the server.
We'll be out of service and will not be included in the Near East or in the heights of ability or in
the photo et cetera.
So one of the requirements is that all the virtual machine in this host should be stored in our shared
storage and only use the resource pool.
That's main city and the memory of this server dispute the memory the network adapter the graphic got
etc. but at the AS should be use it on shared struggle between the different and toss so when this sort
of take down or have a IT server on the virtual machine that is only resource for will be migrated or
the exact word is not migrated because it does not have the ventilation head will be moving to another
host and start using a resource pool of the other hosts available in the cluster.
That's me.
It's movie that indicates that Dyster is file then division machine will be part of the building when
the reboot this machine inside a mother host It's like do the motion but not the motion to view motion
immoral or McGinty's the virtual machine that is bolted on and keep working without any problem inside
another host.
But I ability it's like he first tapped a virtual machine is they then.
Hey Mick it's back to the life by rebooting it inside a modem.
This is the idea of heights.
In this situation we have about time and do problem of the big component is the downtime we should of
avoid as much as possible of a downtime for any of their surveys.
Even at 3 minutes of rebooting division machine it's a problem in this big company there are the service
that give you about 0 percent of the downtime.
It's called default totals.
So the question is why we don't default.
Instead of the heights everybody will go in to see it later and defaulted on.
It's not an easy tool that everyone can do it in his company.
So the height of ability is easy to implement in any environment and there is not have a lot of requirement
to do it.
So this is the idea of the height of it take the virtual machine from this host and make it back to
the live in a modern house.
The difference I believe in in the cluster.
So this is another diagram.
This is the route of course you see that we use the same shit it's Torahs are the Starbird should have
the same status.
When something wrong happened to this sort right writing the virtual machine will be date and it will
be rebooted in another server like that.
Of course there are some rule to reboot the division machine and not host the host should have more
data source that can support the new virtual machine.
For example if this sort of a console port on the virtual machine this one can start to match your machine.
So this virtual machine will be rebooted.
One of them will be a reboot in this host and the other two that your machine will be rebooted in the
second host.
So the cluster will make its own computation and do it automatically.
And this is very helpful when you are as a manager of the environment are out of service or at midnight
and something wrong happened to your physical server all the virtual machine will be bridged in another
physical server and the company will keep working without any problem.